Let's go ahead now and see about compiling this Lidar Simulator.
Back in my virtual workspace environment,
I have something called the terminator,
which is a terminal but it's called the terminator.
We're going to go into home.
We're going to check out workspace, and from here,
we'll go into this sensor fusion,
and I just clone this from the GitHub repository.
Here, what you want to do is you want to make a new directory called Build,
and so you do MK directory Build.
Then, I already did this actually,
you can go into Build.
Basically, we can see right here we have the CMakeList.text.
So when I'm inside Build and I run c-make..,
this.. is saying look in the directory just one level above,
and that it'll see that CMakeLists.txt when I call that,
it'll create all the instructions needed,
so when I next to the final command build,
it'll create this executable for me.
So if I go ahead and do make,
I build this target now and have
this environment executable and that I will later be using.
So now you can go ahead and try this for yourself.
From the classroom workspace environment,
go into the desktop mode and then you can actually
go into the terminator cd home workspace,
and from that root directory,
go ahead and run these commands and see if you can compile the environment.